# Project Title: Data Processing Pipeline\n\n## Overview\nThis project sets up an automated data processing pipeline using Python, Pandas, and GitHub Actions. It processes an Excel data file (`data.xlsx`), converts it to CSV (`data.csv`), executes a Python script (`execute.py`) to transform the data, and publishes the results (`result.json`) via GitHub Pages.\n\n## Project Files\n\n*   `index.html`: A single-file responsive HTML application providing an overview of the project.\n*   `README.md`: This document, detailing the project setup, workflow, and components.\n*   `LICENSE`: The MIT License for this project.\n*   `execute.py`: A Python script responsible for data processing. It has been reviewed and corrected to ensure robust operation on Python 3.11+ with Pandas 2.3. It reads `data.csv` and generates `result.json`.\n*   `data.xlsx`: The original data source in Excel format.\n*   `data.csv`: The converted CSV version of `data.xlsx`. This file is committed alongside the source code.\n*   `.github/workflows/ci.yml`: The GitHub Actions workflow definition for continuous integration and deployment.\n*   `result.json`: The output JSON file generated by `execute.py` during the CI process. **This file is not committed to the repository.**\n\n## Setup and Installation\n\nTo run the `execute.py` script locally, ensure you have Python 3.11+ installed and the necessary dependencies:\n\n1.  **Clone the repository:**\n    ```bash\n    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git\n    cd your-repo-name\n    ```\n2.  **Create a virtual environment (recommended):**\n    ```bash\n    python -m venv venv\n    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: `venv\Scripts\activate`\n    ```\n3.  **Install dependencies:**\n    ```bash\n    pip install pandas==2.3 ruff\n    ```\n    *(Note: `ruff` is for linting, `pandas` is for data processing.)*\n\n## Usage\n\n1.  **Data Preparation**: `execute.py` processes `data.csv`. Ensure `data.csv` is up-to-date with any changes in `data.xlsx`.\n2.  **Run the script locally:**\n    ```bash\n    python execute.py > result.json\n    ```\n    This will generate `result.json` in your current directory.\n\n## Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD)\n\nA GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/ci.yml`) is configured to automate the following steps on every push to the repository:\n\n1.  **Linting with Ruff**: The code quality of `execute.py` (and other Python files) is checked using `ruff`. Results are displayed in the CI log.\n2.  **Data Processing**: The `execute.py` script is executed using Python 3.11. This script processes `data.csv` and outputs the final transformed data to `result.json`.\n3.  **GitHub Pages Deployment**: The generated `result.json` file is published as a static asset via GitHub Pages. The `result.json` will be accessible at `https://your-username.github.io/your-repo-name/result.json`.\n\n**Note**: `result.json` is explicitly ignored from source control and is only generated and published during the CI/CD pipeline run.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.\n